release notes kubespray 2.21.0-ck8s1 (#520)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/release-notes/kubespray.md

### v2.21.0-ck8s1

Released 2023-02-06

#### Updated:

- **Updated kubespray to `v1.21.0`** <br/>
    Kubernetes version upgraded to [v1.25.6](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.25.md#v1256) in which Pod Security Policies (PSPs) are removed. You should not upgrade to this version if you are using PSPs. To deploy [Compliant Kubernetes Apps](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps) on this version it needs to be on a compatible version which depends on [this issue](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/issues/1218). <br/>
    This version requires at least terraform version `0.14.0` in order to provision infrastructure using the kubespray provided terraform modules.
- **Upgraded rook-ceph operator to `v1.10.5` and ceph to `v17.2.5`** <br/>
    If you are using the rook-ceph operator you can read the [migration docs](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-kubespray/tree/v2.21.0-ck8s1/rook/migration/rook-1.5.x-rook-1.10.5/upgrade.md) on how to upgrade these components.

#### Changed:

> - **Changed terraform scripts for Openstack to be able to setup additional server groups and override variables per instance**
> - **Switched from using upstream kubespray repository as submodule to the elastisys fork**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved setup for OpenStack with additional server groups** <br/>
    This allows anti-affinity to be set between arbitrary nodes, improving scheduling and stability.
```
